what's up its your boy Blizz just got
these new CDJ 2000s if you got them
recently you're gonna know that the
firmware is probably needing of update
to 3.0 so I'm gonna show you how to do
it got your USB drive here loaded with
the newest update information from the
official pioneer site go to your CDJ
make sure there's nothing plugged in no
CD inside make sure it's powered off
you're gonna start the procedure by
holding down the USB button the reloop
slash exit button turning the power on
and holding the two buttons until the DJ
the pioneer DJ logo disappears you'll
see in a second connect USB storage
device into top USB port so you've got
your updated firmware on here just gonna
carefully load this in here wait for the
message on the screen now as you'll see
it's updating from version 2.0 2 to
version 3.0 0 it's updating the guy the
users guide information as well as the
main information for the overall system
there is a menu or a task wire there
letting you know how your progress is
going and you'll see in just a second
that the GUI version 2.0 1 is almost
updated to version 3.0 actually goes
quite fast
now see the main version is moving along
quite fast this will fix a few glitches
with the flickering screen some filing
information and you can get all the
important information off the Pioneer
website just bear with me for a second
and you'll be able to see what the
message is once it's completed
you notice that this update to 3.00 only
updates the main and GUI information and
there is no update in there for the
panel or the drive there may be updates
in the future for it but for now that's
what we got and I see that the firmware
update is complete so what I got to do
now is just turn it off from the back
remove the memory key turn it back on
you'll see there version 3 and that's
how you update your new CD J mm